# 新增物品

## 天体

### 残骸

- **Warpath Amarr Titan Wreck**
  - The remains of a destroyed ship. Perhaps with the proper equipment something of value could be salvaged from it.

- **Warpath Caldari Titan Wreck**
  - The remains of a destroyed ship. Perhaps with the proper equipment something of value could be salvaged from it.

- **Warpath Minmatar Titan Wreck**
  - The remains of a destroyed ship. Perhaps with the proper equipment something of value could be salvaged from it.

- **Warpath Gallente Titan Wreck**
  - The remains of a destroyed ship. Perhaps with the proper equipment something of value could be salvaged from it.

### 不可交互物品

- **Partially-constructed Federation Shipcaster**

- **Partially-constructed Imperial Shipcaster**

- **Partially-constructed Republic Shipcaster**

## 涂装

### 永久涂装

- **Ishkur Presidential Agent SKIN**
  - Formed by Presidential decree during the first days of the Warpath Conflict, the Special Presidential Agents are a unique military unit of independently operating special agents given total autonomy over their actions. They answer directly to the president, and their primary mission directive is to disrupt the Caldari operations by any means necessary.

- **Hyperion Presidential Agent SKIN**
  - Formed by Presidential decree during the first days of the Warpath Conflict, the Special Presidential Agents are a unique military unit of independently operating special agents given total autonomy over their actions. They answer directly to the president, and their primary mission directive is to disrupt the Caldari operations by any means necessary.

- **Pontifex Mandate of Faith SKIN**
  - As the Warpth Conflict consumes the Amarr Empire, Empress Catiz I has put out a call to all defenders of the faith. The Amattar Mandate answered that call, sending their most expert pilots to fight against the invaders. They adorned their vessels with scripture and pledged their lives to their holy mission. The peerless skill and unwavering dedication of these pilots earned the Mandate praise from across the Empire.

- **Wolf Stark Strategist SKIN**
  - The smallest of the tribes by far, the Starkmanir are masters of ancient warfare strategies and battle wisdom all but lost by the other tribes. These strategies provide the basis for a Starkmanir Strategic wing, a small force of extremely effective Starkmanir pilots that came together in response to the Warpath Conflict. Famed for their ability to establish tactical superiority even against much larger enemy fleets, the Warpath Stark are often underestimated but never outclassed.

- **Vagabond Stark Strategist SKIN**
  - The smallest of the tribes by far, the Starkmanir are masters of ancient warfare strategies and battle wisdom all but lost by the other tribes. These strategies provide the basis for a Starkmanir Strategic wing, a small force of extremely effective Starkmanir pilots that came together in response to the Warpath Conflict. Famed for their ability to establish tactical superiority even against much larger enemy fleets, the Warpath Stark are often underestimated but never outclassed.

# 新增飞船

本次更新未发现新飞船。

# 蓝图变更

## 新增蓝图

本次更新未发现新增蓝图。

## 蓝图变更

本次更新未发现蓝图变更。


# 物品属性变更

本次更新未发现物品属性变更。

