# 新增物品

## 空间实体

### 警用无人机

- **EverMore Police Captain**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Police. It is patrolling this sector and will respond to any combat it detects. It can call in reinforcements from nearby sectors if the need arises. Threat level: Deadly

- **EverMore Police Major**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Police. It is patrolling this sector and will respond to any combat it detects. It can call in reinforcements from nearby sectors if the need arises. Threat level: Extreme

- **EverMore Police Sergeant**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Police. It is patrolling this sector and will respond to any combat it detects. It can call in reinforcements from nearby sectors if the need arises. Threat level: Very high

### 势力特属无人机

- **EverMore Fleet Sergeant**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Fleet. It is patrolling this sector and will respond to any combat it detects. It can call in reinforcements from nearby sectors if the need arises. Threat level: Moderate

- **EverMore Fleet General**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Fleet. It is patrolling this sector and will respond to any combat it detects. It can call in reinforcements from nearby sectors if the need arises. Threat level: Moderate

- **EverMore Fleet Major**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Fleet. It is patrolling this sector and will respond to any combat it detects. It can call in reinforcements from nearby sectors if the need arises. Threat level: Deadly

### 海关公务船

- **EverMore Customs Major**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Customs force. It is patrolling this sector and will proactively scan bypassing vessels for illegal goods. Threat level: Very high

- **EverMore Customs Official**
  - This is a security vessel of the EverMore Customs force. It is patrolling this sector and will proactively scan bypassing vessels for illegal goods. Threat level: Very high

# 新增飞船

本次更新未发现新飞船。

# 蓝图变更

## 新增蓝图

本次更新未发现新增蓝图。

## 蓝图变更

本次更新未发现蓝图变更。


# 物品属性变更

本次更新未发现物品属性变更。

