# 新增物品

## 服饰

### 外套

- **Women's Blood Collector Lab Coat**
  - Your body tells a story of not just your life, but the lives that came before it. It is a book made from DNA strands, damaged cells, chipped bone, and written in blood ink. - Unnamed mystic of the Eyniletti Plains.

- **Men's Blood Collector Lab Coat**
  - Your body tells a story of not just your life, but the lives that came before it. It is a book made from DNA strands, damaged cells, chipped bone, and written in blood ink. - Unnamed mystic of the Eyniletti Plains.

## 特别版用品

### 特别版商品

- **Crimson Skill Injector**
  - Infused with the biotechnological secrets of Sani Sabik, this Skill Injector is a rare gift held only by those willing to write their own story into the annals of New Eden.

## 涂装

### 永久涂装

- **Omen Lavacore Imperial SKIN**
  - The Amarr Empire has been exploiting lava planets for the rich resources to be had from the constant churn of magma for ages past. The vast territories controlled by the Amarr contain hundreds of such planets and the expertise of their planetary extraction engineers in the field of lava planet mining is well known across New Eden. Empress Catiz I's own family, House Tash-Murkon, has considerable interests in the mining industries and is noted for its extensive harvesting of resources from the many lava planets it directly controls through its regional fief. The "Lavacore Imperial" nanocoating is testament to the flaming riches of the Amarr Empire's lava planets and the vast wealth that the Empress herself has derived from such worlds.

- **Revelation Navy Issue Lavacore Imperial SKIN**
  - The Amarr Empire has been exploiting lava planets for the rich resources to be had from the constant churn of magma for ages past. The vast territories controlled by the Amarr contain hundreds of such planets and the expertise of their planetary extraction engineers in the field of lava planet mining is well known across New Eden. Empress Catiz I's own family, House Tash-Murkon, has considerable interests in the mining industries and is noted for its extensive harvesting of resources from the many lava planets it directly controls through its regional fief. The "Lavacore Imperial" nanocoating is testament to the flaming riches of the Amarr Empire's lava planets and the vast wealth that the Empress herself has derived from such worlds.

- **Vengeance Mandate of Faith SKIN**
  - As the Warpth Conflict consumes the Amarr Empire, Empress Catiz I has put out a call to all defenders of the faith. The Amattar Mandate answered that call, sending their most expert pilots to fight against the invaders. They adorned their vessels with scripture and pledged their lives to their holy mission. The peerless skill and unwavering dedication of these pilots earned the Mandate praise from across the Empire.

- **Stork State Regulator SKIN**
  - The State Regulators are made up of the best pilots from all eight megacorporations' security forces. Assembled during the Warpath conflict by the CEP, their task is to defend megacorp assets from Gallente assault and safeguard the infrastructure that holds the State together. These Regulators are the ultimate combination of State loyalty and corporate honor.

- **Harpy State Regulator SKIN**
  - The State Regulators are made up of the best pilots from all eight megacorporations' security forces. Assembled during the Warpath conflict by the CEP, their task is to defend megacorp assets from Gallente assault and safeguard the infrastructure that holds the State together. These Regulators are the ultimate combination of State loyalty and corporate honor.

- **Deimos Presidential Agent SKIN**
  - Formed by Presidential decree during the first days of the Warpath Conflict, the Special Presidential Agents are a unique military unit of independently operating special agents given total autonomy over their actions. They answer directly to the president, and their primary mission directive is to disrupt the Caldari operations by any means necessary.

- **Maelstrom Stark Strategist SKIN**
  - The smallest of the tribes by far, the Starkmanir are masters of ancient warfare strategies and battle wisdom all but lost by the other tribes. These strategies provide the basis for a Starkmanir Strategic wing, a small force of extremely effective Starkmanir pilots that came together in response to the Warpath Conflict. Famed for their ability to establish tactical superiority even against much larger enemy fleets, the Warpath Stark are often underestimated but never outclassed.

## 专家系统

### 标准专家系统

- **Capsuleer Day YC128**
  - Capsuleer Day YC128 Expert System This Expert System makes available skills enabling a capsuleer to fly T2 assault frigates. The temporary skills provided by this Expert System last for seven days. An Expert System is a remote, restricted artificial intelligence providing you with access to certain skills during the active rental period. As it is independent from your clone and your capsule, an active Expert System is not lost on pod death or clone jump. Activating an Expert System Activation of an Expert System is automatic upon redemption of the item by the specific capsuleer intending to use the service. Expert Systems are a product developed by the PKN Interstellar consortium, made available over the HyperNet FTL communications network, and marketed by PKN Interstellar member corporations. An Expert System is a restricted AI based on artificial gelbrain technology. As the Expert System uses neural pathways based on those created by skill training or skill injection, it is compatible with capsule-ship interface and control systems. Real time command and control communication is achieved using dedicated FTL channels on PKN Interstellar's HyperNet.

# 新增飞船

本次更新未发现新飞船。

# 蓝图变更

## 新增蓝图

本次更新未发现新增蓝图。

## 蓝图变更

本次更新未发现蓝图变更。


# 物品属性变更

本次更新未发现物品属性变更。

