# 新增物品

## 天体

### 信标

- **Imperial Raspite Trade-In Transport**
  - This beacon marks a loading location where an Imperial freighter tasked with collecting and transporting Raspite to ongoing construction projects across the Empire is waiting. The freighter is willing to exchange surplus goods for additional Crystalline Raspite.

- **State Polycrase Trade-In Transport**
  - This beacon marks a loading location where a state freighter tasked with collecting and transporting Polycrase to ongoing construction projects across the State is waiting. The freighter is willing to exchange surplus goods for additional Crystalline Polycrase.

- **Federation Moissanite Trade-In Transport**
  - This beacon marks a loading location where a federal freighter tasked with collecting and transporting Moissanite to ongoing construction projects across the Federation is waiting. The freighter is willing to exchange surplus goods for additional Crystalline Moissanite.

- **Republic Kangite Trade-In Transport**
  - This beacon marks a loading location where a republic freighter tasked with collecting and transporting Kangite to ongoing construction projects across the Republic is waiting. The freighter is willing to exchange surplus goods for additional Crystalline Kangite.

## 小行星

### 干焦岩

- **Pyroxeres  0-Grade**
  - This low purity cluster of Pyroxeres offers 50% lower yield than those typically found throughout wider New Eden. It is most commonly located within the region of Exordium. Pyroxeres is a common ore available in all regions of space. It has fair amounts of Pyerite and Mexallon.

# 新增飞船

本次更新未发现新飞船。

# 蓝图变更

## 新增蓝图

本次更新未发现新增蓝图。

## 蓝图变更

本次更新未发现蓝图变更。


# 物品属性变更

## 帝国电子系统增效剂I

- 采矿暴击成功率加成: 2 -> 4

